PRIVACY POLICY – weHive
Version 1 – 010814

1. This Privacy Policy sets out how we will treat the personal information which you provide to us while using the App known as “weHive” (“App”) and/or the site at www.weHive.co.uk (“Site”) or any of the information contained within the App and/or the Site (“Content”) or otherwise during the provision of services via the App and/or the Site (“Services”). You are deemed to accept the terms of this Privacy Policy on your first use of the App or the Site. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and such changes shall be effective from the date and time the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the App and/or the Site. The App, the Site and the Content are owned or controlled by Second Screen Ltd, a company incorporated in England with its registered office at 36 Winchester Avenue, London NW6 7TU (“weHive”).

2. To provide the Services, it is necessary for us to hold and process certain personal information.  We take reasonable care in keeping this information secure and preventing any unauthorized access or unlawful use of it. All personal information is processed by us in accordance with applicable data protection legislation. 

3. From time to time, we may collect or ask you to provide some or all of the following: name, address, date of birth, gender, email addresses and/or mobile phone numbers, financial information, IP addresses and/or other personal information relevant to your activities on the App and/or the Site.  This information will be stored together with any additional information you may provide to us from time to time, and will be used to provide you with the Services and any other services associated with them. We may also use your personal information to analyse use of the App, the Site and the Content, and/or to keep you up-to-date with (or provide offers of) other products and services provided by weHive or our trusted partners which we think may be of interest to you. 

4. We will only keep your personal information for as long as is necessary. We may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale of certain divisions or the transfer of control of certain divisions to other parties. Data provided by users will, where relevant, be transferred and the new owner or new controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use such data for the purposes for which it was supplied by you.

We anticipate that we may become affiliated with a variety of businesses and work closely with them. In certain situations, these businesses may sell items to you through the Website or App. In other situations, weHive may provide services, or sell products jointly with affiliated businesses, and may provide Personal Information to such affiliated businesses or other Third Parties from time to time.
	
5. We may use 'cookies' while you access the App and/or the Site to avoid the need to re-enter details on different occasions.  This information is used to produce statistical reports on App and Site activity and allows us to tailor the App and the Site to suit your interests. Examples include:

•   enabling our service to recognise your device so that you don't have to give the same information to us several times;
•   recognising that you may already have given a username and password so that you don't need to do it for every web page requested; and/or,
•   measuring how many people are using services, to make the services easier to use and to ensure sufficient capacity for quick delivery to your web browser.

A “cookie” is a small amount of data sent from the server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Most web browsers are automatically set up to accept cookies, but you can set your browser to refuse cookies or ask your browser to show you where a cookie has been set up. Please note that certain features of the App and the Site are only activated by the presence of a cookie and if you choose to refuse cookies these features may not be available to you. Some internet browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. These settings will typically be found in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful (otherwise you should use the 'Help' option in your browser for more details):

Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari

Please note that we do not recommend turning cookies off when using the Services as this will prevent you from using many aspects of the services and/or the App and/or the Site. For further information about cookies and how to control their use, please visit the following third party educational resources:  www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.

6. We partner with a third party ad network to manage our advertising on the App and the Site and other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on the App and the Site and other sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here. Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising, and you will continue to receive generic ads. If you do not want us to retain or use your personal information in any way, you may withdraw your consent (i.e. “opt out”), by contacting us at contact@wehive.co.uk

7. If you have any queries about this Privacy Policy or wish to resume receiving information which you may have previously opted-out of receiving, please contact us at contact@wehive.co.uk. 


